README.md, before:

## Overview ##

- This portfolio is a static site. 
- It is a responsive webpage thus is expected to look nice in either a computer or a phone ;)
- [🚀 **Live Portfolio Site**](https://wizlee.dev)

## Brief Timeline ##

1. Complete setting up template and CNAME.
2. On-going exploration and tinkering with the template.
3. Complete the landing page.
4. Complete footer with updated social media URLs.
5. Put all work in progress content into a collapsible section.
6. Showcase gallery & grid layout in work in progress section. 
7. Use work in progress section to showcase Web Design Journey. In the same time, make the expandable section more user friendly to touch screen devices.  

## Credits ##

    Story by HTML5 UP:
        html5up.net | @ajlkn
        Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)

    Demo Images:
        Unsplash (unsplash.com)

    Icons:
        Font Awesome (fontawesome.io)

    Other:
        jQuery (jquery.com)
        Scrollex (github.com/ajlkn/jquery.scrollex)
        Responsive Tools (github.com/ajlkn/responsive-tools)

Commit message:

Remove CDNAME and Alias from wizlee.dev
- Remove this github page CDNAME and Alias from wizlee.dev
- Latest portfolio site now is revamped and deployed via netlify.

README.md, after:

## Overview ##

- This portfolio is 'version 1' of my portfolio live @ https://wizlee.github.io/portfolio/. 
- This site is now a showcase of my learning in Vanilla JS, HTML & CSS. 
- It is a still responsive webpage thus is expected to look nice in either a computer or a phone ;)
- [🚀 **Press here to visit my latest portfolio site**](https://wizlee.dev)

## Brief Timeline ##

1. Complete setting up template and CNAME.
2. On-going exploration and tinkering with the template.
3. Complete the landing page.
4. Complete footer with updated social media URLs.
5. Put all work in progress content into a collapsible section.
6. Showcase gallery & grid layout in work in progress section. 
7. Use work in progress section to showcase Web Design Journey. In the same time, make the expandable section more user friendly to touch screen devices. 
8. Remove this github page CDNAME and Alias from wizlee.dev as the latest portfolio site now is revamped and deployed via netlify.

## Credits ##

    Story by HTML5 UP:
        html5up.net | @ajlkn
        Free for personal and commercial use under the CCA 3.0 license (html5up.net/license)

    Demo Images:
        Unsplash (unsplash.com)

    Icons:
        Font Awesome (fontawesome.io)

    Other:
        jQuery (jquery.com)
        Scrollex (github.com/ajlkn/jquery.scrollex)
        Responsive Tools (github.com/ajlkn/responsive-tools)
